when I was learning and started making videos.
What I ended up doing is I went from beginner
all the way to as advanced as I felt I could get.
And then I would go back and be like,
okay, this beginning stuff was really tough
because I didn't understand this.
So I need to make these connections.
So I would write out like almost like a diagram
of here's how I got to that end project or that end result.
And let me write out like the steps that I need to
in order to teach it so that they understand
that this is connected to this,
even though they don't really know that yet.
In a really beginner level friendly way
that I wish the person who I was learning from had done it.